broadcast tonight high stakes Salt Lake meeting tonight at the White House the president of congressional leaders face to face Americans in crease in leaf at up
Church Fathers collide with the tractor trailer there are many Denninger tragedy on the highway in Tennessee
the FBI heroin cocaine murder-for-hire they say all available on 1zz access website
chase news tonight about the video getting so much attention the scary scene on New York Road
call so tonight that the one of the best selling authors of all time news begins now
New York NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
talked into the night tonight in Washington but nothings moving the shutdown continue so does the anger across the country the frustration with Congress the President or earlier today expressed his exasperation of the defiance in DC
it's where we begin tonight with NBC's Chuck Todd he is in the briefing room in the West Wing where were still expecting the president will speak about today's meeting jacket eBay
what we do Brian good evening the meeting with congressional leaders is over we heard from one of the participants Speaker Boehner just
I went to the microphones outside of the West Wing here and he said
polite conversation but he said the president reiterated that he would not negotiate when it comes to the health care law for either the budget or when it comes to the debt ceiling
Anne frankly its the same thing in many ways the president said you are colleagues NBC's John Harwood in an interview earlier today take a listen
and I am I transfer an absolute limit aspirin because this is entirely in the sitter
will the situation right now where is John Boehner the Speaker of the House puts a bill on the floor to reopen the government at Kroger
levels
Brian the bottom line is there's not a lot of getting on the Nikon vs officially going home for the night but the house and the Senate this thing is going to go on for days
virgin to both the debt limit is you said earlier we do expect to hear from the president sometime tonight on his take on the meeting that did last over an hour
Chuck Todd the White House for us tonight Chuck thanks a course the ripple effect of all of this the impact is being felt right now across this country by millions of Americans in all walks of life MBCC Anyang
has just a few of the many examples tonight
I think it's ridiculous
Hollister WCCO radio chat Hartmann show in Minneapolis today did
Knothole back who are you most upset with I definitely blame the Republicans or Democrats
I am so chic jobs at the Tea Party
on day 2 of the government shut down and around the country rises as the impacts friends at the National Institute of Health outside Washington Neely three quarters of the staff is on follow them is turning away about 200 patients a week for last resort medical treatment
including about 30 children most of the cancer patients
depend on government programs on my federal employees affecting government contractor
Joshua Moore Hill have find girls and zero pay
The Moron from Wright Patterson Air Force Base outside Dayton Ohio
just because our paychecks top of amenable stop
there still trying to recover from losing 6 days paid each because of the sequester
even if we end up getting reimbursed for the time of day to late and we need money now
something like 7 month old Harpers $300 emergency room visit this weekend for an ear infection could be a financial disaster a hard reality they like Congress to understand
Ison pay the price because you can't agree
frustration growing in families paying the price for gridlock in Washington
John yang NBC News Chicago
today by the way the White House and it still trying to fix the glitch is a lot of people are in countering is the try to sign up for the private health insurance using the new online exchange is there still been a traffic jam especially those 36 states were the federal what side is the only option
White House says more than 6 million people have tried to log on us far we don't know how many of them have managed to enroll we do know a lot of them are seeing the same frustrating screen message reads we have a lot of visitors on the site right now please stay on this page
the White House is also promising their adding more capacity
there's been a terrible accident involving a church boss on Tennessee's I 40 the boss filled with seniors crashed into a semi and an SUV at least a tard add more than a dozen injured we got a late report tonight from NBC's Tom Costello
on I 40 81 north eastern Tennessee smoke fire and miles of back up state trooper St George bus blue tire and cross the median slamming into a tractor trailer in sports
loud boom
explosion
and I was 7 miles away
8 people are known dead including 6 senior citizens on the church bus to come from a jubilee gathering in Gatlinburg Tennessee returning home to Statesville North Carolina the people who live on i-40 city of precious lately
6 month
in this area
after a series of horrific bus crashes in recent years in Bowling does a fatalities Department of Transportation begin cracking down on bus operators
the focus the busy i-95 corridor from New York to Florida
you know the deal cheap roughly 40 discount bus companies out of business
it's not clear the Boston today was hired by the church for owned by the church churches operate buses
you're not bus companies they don't have professional drivers in many cases they dont pray to the same standard the professional bus companies do
tonight in north eastern Tennessee with so many dead i-40 is expected to remain shutdown well into the night
Tom Costello NBC News Washington
the FBI today shutdown what is calling the most sophisticated internet site in the business of selling hard drugs including heroin cocaine and LSD what they say was a robust big money and completely illegal business on the web
are justice correspondent Pete Williams following the story for us in our DC news room tonight the creep
Brian FBI agency in closing in on this operation for 2 years even making over a hundred percent of illegal drugs from the side and have it all ship to the min New York
anyone trying to log on to the website today found this notice shut down by the FBI but when was running federal prosecutor say the website
the Silk Road was the internets biggest Bazaar for illegal drugs and international marketplace with the sideline in illegal hacking software
prosecutors reveal today that they arrested the man the accuser running the site Ross William Ulbricht of San Francisco a 29 year old with degrees in physics and engineering
he was a dream for drug users because he was very technically adapted he was able to hide photos
the website that he put together and the actual sales of illegal drugs that the drug sellers would make on his website
investigator say in the two and a half years it was operating it generated roughly 1.2 billion dollars in sales with nearly 960
court documents say the site Ridge cellars to vacuum seal packages to avoid detection by k9 or Lectronic sniffers
energy buyers to have shipments into someone else is a friends house or PO Box
investigator say it was an online market for virtually any illegal drug imaginable including heroin cocaine LSD in methamphetamine
the FBI says this ad from the side of road high quality heroin all rock conveniently vacuum seal a reporter for Forbes magazine road in August about buying marijuana of the Silk Road website
solutely where was side of face professional dancer seamless the college experience
prosecutor sale Brook called himself Dread Pirate Roberts after a character in a movie they also accusing of offering money to have a user of the site killed who was threatening to expose to get her say that was never carried out
the Williams in DC for us tonight Pizza X as you may know for days now Israel's prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu Lisbon warning the world of the new president of Iran
is just a wolf in sheep's clothing with his surprising semen candid in conciliatory talk about Iran nuclear program tonight hearing
address the you win this week Netanyahu is showing he is keeping up the pressure in an interview with Archie foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell
everybody knows everyone wants to destroy Israel Richmond
trying to build a box for that
you don't want to be a position where this Masonic apocalyptic radical regimes that has these wild ambition with my spokes good to wear with building the weapons of mass death
Julie's with radically different versions of the same world stage this week is Reelz Prime Minister Netanyahu Iran president rouhani cannot be trusted
do you think you have a risk of overstating the dangers
hurting Israel bite isolated from the rest of the world that wants to know
no I wanted to put solution of wonder actually this model 001 a test will we are and I think the important thing is not what he says the weather we get a full dismantling of Iran
253 election day to be model
what is that a free to go because of this was you been going blue jeans how many people there any people to join the protester
but they don't have that the government not funny the governed by a Tola he has a cult that called
is wild incense Griffin
tell me he is willing to give diplomacy a chance
as long as the US keep the pressure on a round and even with the US government on the brink of shutting down on Monday the Israeli respect our President Obama living the same message to him
InterMetro here with us in New York tonight Andrea facts
we have late were Justin was tonight from Southern California to Michael Jackson wrongful death trial after 5 months of testimony
free has just found the hcg live the concert promoter of Jackson's final concert or should not be held liable the singer's death
Jackson's mother is three children have filed a suit arguing the AG live negligently higher Conrad Murray is Jackson's personal doctor in orange signs the Jacksons health West Imperial rating Dr Murray was convicted of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson MS
powerful dose of propofol that killed him in June of 2009 still have for us tonight new developments in the investigation
videos getting so much attention and talk to motorcycle swimming around a driver with this family in the car and later the unbelievable signed the Fox in one city walk up to this morning the submarine sticking up for the paper
is a scary and grizzly pizza video and if you've ever been driving a car and found yourself in a swarm of oncoming motorcycles have Maalox
Amil your b*** what happened in New York this weekend Tokunaga LeeAnn via lantern MSNBC Stephanie Gosk reports is repeated all across this country
motorcycle chase a family with a small child Manhattan Westside 911 calls
what Indian tourist visa black SUV
the writers of the business executives windows pulled from the car and beat him his wife and child were on her
what are the ledge motorcycle is Christopher Cruz was arranged for today charged with reckless driving and on waffle imprisonment
cruisin the other motorcyclist JCSU V after his bike was bump stops short in front of vehicle
nothing to do with the 74th Street
the family of Edwin Mieses is another rider severely injured and possibly paralyzed when he was run over by the SUV
is defending the group
what 14050 around the country say these groups are growing in numbers
videos are posted online movies
Dallas Riders toys in pursuit in San Francisco motorcyclist breakthrough
Lisa in St Louis riders take over the highway TV
chasing big is a crazy the day bakery in danger of cells and others sentences with simple damage the engine
go out
New York State Trooper Heather sync with a bridge for trouble for motorcycle group every weekend when weather is nice
are they as a group
motorcycles CBR 150 plus 100
New York City more likely still fighting it shine a light on a growing nation wide problem Stephanie Gosk NBC News New York
when we come back here tonight the controversy over what's happening on some of the nation's most hallowed ground
controversy among some of the families of those buried at Arlington National Cemetery following a forced cleanup of the area known as section 60
is the burial ground for over 800 of the recent dead from ROC recent wars in Iraq and Afghanistan along with veterans from other wars until recently was full of momento that many of the grave sights
as one Washington Post writer describe in a living memorial Aurora Messi burial ground of war still being fought
the cemetery has now in Bartow ever on a full scale cleaning saving summer Mentos and storage
but it was decided it had to be kept the same cleanliness standard as the rest of the cemetery another note hear the government shutdown has also shutdown us cemeteries overseas including the vast EDH a cemetery in Norman
Southwest Airlines has an ounce of fire the captain of the 737 the land of nose first of New York's LaGuardia Airport this past ally 9 people were injured that day air traffic with bottle up for hours
banal former captain with a 13 year veteran with the airline with over twelve thousand hours of flight time
we now have the first pictures from space of the newest island on earth this was the one we told you about formed in the wake of the earthquake in hat in Pakistan just over a week ago the island is about 70 feet above sea level is appear from the ocean floor offshore
geologist say these islands are often formed by searching mud and they often disappear over time because they getting road head by the constant action of ocean waves
an extraordinary site visible on a small barrier island in northwestern Alaska
the dark area between the snow in the water that would be solid walrus its been called the great wall restaurant out of 2013 an estimated 10000 of the animals and remember they are not small some of them grow away is much is a car
speculation is the Gathering that b**** because of Gwendoline ice options in Alaska this time of year
Anna shocking site in Milan Italy as people in the old section of the city woke up this morning to find
that a submarine head surfaced in the middle of the street
crashing through the pavement narrowly missing a car sailors were seen scurrying out of the connington hour but when you stop and think about the fact that there is
ocean beneath the streets of Milan you realize what an artful hoax it was an elaborate publicity stunt for an insurance company
when we come back here tonight remembering a master one of the all time great names behind some great stories of suspense
for anyone who has ever passed by a bookstore say nothing of his millions of fans Tom Clancy's name has always been synonymous with a good gripping yarn
as authors go he was a master is form he was an iconoclast to be sure and over the years he uses bath while teas to buy a tank and a by partial ownership stake in his beloved Baltimore Orioles
Tom Clancy died today at the age of 66 we have a look back tonight from NBC's Mike Tice
Sean Connery and Alec Baldwin James Earl Jones Harrison Ford and Ben Affleck delete actors who short list of career highlights with rolled in the movie versions of Tom Clancy novels
is a pulsating yarns were always a real star
long with his uncanny military hardware and spy game tactics Juliet
books every hotel stories is the third eye tracking current
oppression free smart bomb was in common use plants use one in clear and present danger to take out a meeting of drug cartel leader
and in Patriot Games is Jack Ryan hero tickets to the CIA's inner sanctum what satellite tracking in real time should an anti terrorist attack old military professionals monkeys many fans often wondered what class you writing from classified information
it seems as if Clancy was running from inside the military he was very smart extremely well read in 4c was a great plot twist
classy roll over two dozen bestsellers